when a new issue is filed:
    if (gatekeeper_mode):
        mark issue as 'awaiting moderation'
        give user instructions on how to set up push hook
        store name of their repos but indicate that we don't automatically build yet
        send email to devteam with links to moderate (accept or reject) the package
            when the accept or reject link is clicked:
                if 'moderated_ok'  or 'rejected' label is present in issue:
                    just report that package has already been dealt with
                else:
                    apply appropriate label, save state
                    if the package has been approved:
                        start a build
                        in the issue, mention that we have started a build
                        but that in the future they will need to set up the push hook
                        to trigger builds on commits
    else: # not gatekeeper mode
        mark issue as 'new issue'
        save repos in db and flag it as ok to build (this can be done via a label)
        tell contributor how to set up push hook, mention that further
          builds will require the push hook be set up
        start a build

on build completion:
    post to issue with link to build report, add label with build status
    (remove statuses that no longer apply)

on push hook:
    if we know about the repos (db lookup) and have ok'd builds (label): #
      (issue must be open unless the 'testing' label is present)
        start a build

    else:
        post to issue saying sorry, we can't build. you can remove your hook
        to stop seeing these messages.

labels:
    build_permitted
    testing (allows building on closed issues)
    awaiting_build_permission
    OK
    ERROR
    TIMEOUT
    WARNINGS
    abnormal
    sent-back
    preview-in-progress
    modified-package
    pre-accepted
    accepted (close issue when applying this label)
    remove canned labels if not relevant (most are not)
separate logic from web app

unit tests?

factor out (dev/prod beta/live):
    repo to post to
    email address to send gatekeeper emails to
    stomp broker host/port

persistent state (db or text file?)
    list of known repos (conceivably could use github for this...)
    hashed "pw"

Questions:
how do we protect against the same package being submitted twice?
how do we deal with multiple related packages?
what about large data packages?
should we rename the issue to the name of the package (if not already named thusly)



write code to initialize repos? (with issue labels, new issue template, etc.
    requires that bioc issue bot be a collaborator on the repos)

deployment / chef
